README.md, before:

# printf
A simple printf function built by Caleb Nyong  and Johnel Okon for Alx software Engineering School.

#Welcome

Rebuild of the standard printf function in C. Our project required a function capable of printing with the %d, %c, %s, and %% specifiers to standard output. printf returns the number of characters printed (excluding the null byte at the end of strings). We were not asked to handle flag characters, field width, precision, or length.

#Format Specifiers

Our team chose to add %x ,%X, %b, %o, %u, %r, %R, and %p formatting. We relied on the library we have been building at Alx as well as new concepts gathered during this project.

#Supported Format Types

TYPE - OUTPUT

c - Single character

s - String

r - String in reverse

R - String in rot13

d - Integer in decimal

i - integer

% - Percent sign

Xl - Lowercase hex

X - Uppercase hex

b - binary

o - octal

u - unsigned

p - pointer

F - expletive

#Examples

Character: printf("%c", A); Output:: A

String: printf("%s", This is a string.); Output: This is a string.

Integer: printf("%i", 5); Output: 5

Expletive: printf("%F", anything); Output: FUCK

#Requirements

Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 All your files should end with a new line A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl You are not allowed to use global variables No more than 5 functions per file In the following examples, the main.c files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own main.c files at compilation. Our main.c files might be different from the one shown in the examples The prototypes of all your functions should be included in your header file called main.h Don’t forget to push your header file All your header files should be include guarded Note that we will not provide the _putchar function for this project GitHub There should be one project repository per group. If you clone/fork/whatever a project repository with the same name before the second deadline, you risk a 0% score.

#Authorized functions and macros

write (man 2 write) malloc (man 3 malloc) free (man 3 free) va_start (man 3 va_start) va_end (man 3 va_end) va_copy (man 3 va_copy) va_arg (man 3 va_arg)

#Authors

Caleb Nyong

Johnel Okon

Commit message:

Printf team work of Oyekunle Tomide John and Oyekunle Gbenga Samuel

README.md, after:

# printf
A simple printf function built by Oyekunle Gbenga Samuel and Oyekunle Tomide John for Alx software Engineering School.

#Welcome

Rebuild of the standard printf function in C. Our project required a function capable of printing with the %d, %c, %s, and %% specifiers to standard output. printf returns the number of characters printed (excluding the null byte at the end of strings). We were not asked to handle flag characters, field width, precision, or length.

#Format Specifiers

Our team chose to add %x ,%X, %b, %o, %u, %r, %R, and %p formatting. We relied on the library we have been building at Alx as well as new concepts gathered during this project.

#Supported Format Types

TYPE - OUTPUT

c - Single character

s - String

r - String in reverse

R - String in rot13

d - Integer in decimal

i - integer

% - Percent sign

Xl - Lowercase hex

X - Uppercase hex

b - binary

o - octal

u - unsigned

p - pointer

F - expletive

#Examples

Character: printf("%c", A); Output:: A

String: printf("%s", This is a string.); Output: This is a string.

Integer: printf("%i", 5); Output: 5

Expletive: printf("%F", anything); Output: FUCK

#Requirements

Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 All your files should end with a new line A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl You are not allowed to use global variables No more than 5 functions per file In the following examples, the main.c files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own main.c files at compilation. Our main.c files might be different from the one shown in the examples The prototypes of all your functions should be included in your header file called main.h Don’t forget to push your header file All your header files should be include guarded Note that we will not provide the _putchar function for this project GitHub There should be one project repository per group. If you clone/fork/whatever a project repository with the same name before the second deadline, you risk a 0% score.

#Authorized functions and macros

write (man 2 write) malloc (man 3 malloc) free (man 3 free) va_start (man 3 va_start) va_end (man 3 va_end) va_copy (man 3 va_copy) va_arg (man 3 va_arg)

#Authors

Caleb Nyong

Johnel Okon
